hi Snoopy no guards here and today we're
at the new studio so basically removed
once already last month to the last to
do and what happened is that office
hours there is kind of limited so we
want to work 24-7 the new place has kind
of like you know I'm still too tall
order questioned so we moved here and
yeah let's have a look
so
three of us moves the stuff here and we
got nutty and thank everyone is tired
yeah we gotta love bean bags so we can
hang out sleep here when we're done
working these are the models and
projects so we organized in this way so
that we don't lose them along the way
when we travel it's basically about let
me show you the outside we on a
seventeenth floor hips to train stations
away from the old office and about 12 no
no no about thirteen stations away from
my house which is the first office and
here we have pain track which we just
roughly put everything here all the
brushes toys love the GW paints
this right here so what we want here is
just to set up this video where we can
work seven days a week 24 hours a day
you know anyone just come in when they
want to sleep here it's not too far away
from the city center Bangkok so you can
just take the cell two stations away
from CM Paragon and you know that's like
everything there we got a gym stuff you
know if you want to go hang out so yeah
basically convenience is the key and we
want to set set up a studio where all
the auditors can basically pick up their
work and go or get home as well so
that's what we're trying to get here I
have let me show you something so these
are the trace that will be organizing
our project you know it's like this like
mine but this one belongs to who and
they just go and work on their own
corner when they're done with the
project for the day people like going
home they can just wrap everything up
you know grab some paint and go home and
work or better yet they can just sleep
right here you know on a bean bags
you
highest note for new parts here this is
just another day at this video and so
today I'm being I've been working on
this great project and wrapping up the
project so it's all done and yeah just
waiting for good camera to come along
with you should take an official photo
so let's have a look at what I did today
yeah I spent about ok I'm not going to
tell you how long it's been
not too long
less than a day of course and yeah so
that's the display BAE
you